Update bootstrap documentation (#673)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.9.0/docs/canton/usermanual/manage_domain_entities.rst

.. _domain_bootstrapping:

Manual vs Automatic Initialization
----------------------------------

If you're running a sync domain in its default configuration as shown previously,
it will have a sequencer and mediator embedded and these components will be automatically bootstrapped for you.

> However, there are situations where a node should not be automatically initialized, but where we prefer to control

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, there are situations where a node should not be automatically initialized, but where you prefer to control
```

each step of the initialization. For example, when a node in the setup does
not control its own identity, when you do not want to store the identity key on the node for security

> reasons, or when we want to set our own keys (e.g. when keys are externally stored in a Key Management Service - KMS).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reasons, or when you want to set your own keys (e.g. when keys are externally stored in a Key Management Service - KMS).
```

If you want to disable the automatic initialization of domain nodes you have to set:

.. code-block:: none

    <node>.init.auto-init = false

This is only applicable for ``domain/domain-manager`` nodes.

Keys Initialization
-------------------

When manual initialization is enabled, cryptographic keys in the nodes are not automatically generated
and registered in Canton. The following command manually generates a Canton signing key.

.. code-block:: none

    <node>.keys.secret.generate_signing_key(<key_name>)

If you are using a Key Management Service (KMS) to handle Canton's keys and you want to use a set of pre-generated
keys you must use instead the following command.

.. code-block:: none

    node.keys.secret.register_kms_signing_key(<kms_key_id>, <key_name>)

Please refer to :ref:`External Key Storage with a Key Management Service (KMS) <external_key_storage>` for more details.

.. note::

>    The following sections assume that we are using Canton keys and that we do not have a KMS set-up. If you are running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The following sections assume that you are using Canton keys and that you do not have a KMS set-up. If you are running
```

    .. success:: domainManager1.health.initialized()
    .. assert:: !RES

> If the sync domain manager has ``auto-init = true`` (the default value) we need to make sure that the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the sync domain manager has ``auto-init = true`` (the default value) you need to make sure that the
```

> identity is generated and ready before we can bootstrap the sync domain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
identity is generated and ready before you can bootstrap the sync domain:
```
